fix: Status Assertion and Status Assertion Request headers (#56)
peppelinux/draft-demarco-oauth-status-attestations: draft-demarco-oauth-status-attestations.md

| Header | Description | Reference |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **typ** | It MUST be set to `status-assertion-request+jwt` when JWT format is used. It MUST be set to `status-assertion-request+cwt` when CWT format is used. | {{RFC7516}} Section 4.1.1 |
| **alg** | A digital signature algorithm identifier such as per IANA "JSON Web Signature and Encryption Algorithms" registry. It MUST NOT be set to `none` or any symmetric algorithm (MAC) identifier. | {{RFC7516}} Section 4.1.1 |

> | **kid** | It is the Unique identifier of the `JWK` or `Cose_Key` owned by the Holder and used for validating the signature of the Status Assertion Request. When the Credential confirmation method uses a cryptographic material, it MUST match the one contained in the Credential. The header parameter `kid` is required when `did` or other methods are not used.  | {{RFC7515}} |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **kid** | It is the Unique identifier of the `JWK` or `Cose_Key` owned by the Holder and used for validating the signature of the Status Assertion Request. When the Credential confirmation method uses a cryptographic material, it MUST match the one contained in the Credential. The header parameter `kid` is required when other cryptographic public key identification methods are not used, such as `x5c`.  | {{RFC7515}} |
```

| --- | --- | --- |
| **typ** | It MUST be set to `status-attestation+jwt` when JWT format is used. It MUST be set to `status-attestation+cwt` when CWT format is used. | {{RFC7516}} Section 4.1.1 |
| **alg** | A digital signature algorithm identifier such as per IANA "JSON Web Signature and Encryption Algorithms" registry. It MUST NOT be set to `none` or any symmetric algorithm (MAC) identifier. | {{RFC7516}} Section 4.1.1 |

> | **kid** | Unique identifier of the `JWK` or `Cose_Key` used for the signature of the Status Attestation Request, it MUST match the one contained in the Credential. Otherwise, the `kid` is OPTIONAL when `x5c` is present. | {{RFC7515}} |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **kid** | Required when `x5c` is not used. It is the Unique identifier of the `JWK` or `Cose_Key` used for the signature of the Status Attestation Request, it MUST match the one contained in the Credential. | {{RFC7515}} |
```

| --- | --- | --- |
| **alg** | A digital signature algorithm identifier such as per IANA "JSON Web Signature and Encryption Algorithms" registry. It MUST NOT be set to `none` or to a symmetric algorithm (MAC) identifier. | {{RFC7515}}, {{RFC7517}} |
| **typ** | It MUST be set to `status-assertion+jwt` when JWT format is used. It MUST be set to `status-assertion+cwt` when CWT format is used. | {{RFC7515}}, {{RFC7517}} and this specification |

> | **kid** | Unique identifier of the Credential Issuer JWK. It is required when `x5c` or other parameter such as `did` are not used. | {{RFC7515}} |

Reviewer 2: seems like it could be required when `did` is present, since `kid` is often part of absolute DID URLs... If its possible to avoid introducing `did` in this spec, I think thats preferable.

> | **kid** | Unique identifier of the Credential Issuer JWK. It is required when `x5c` or other parameter such as `did` are not used. | {{RFC7515}} |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **kid** | Unique identifier of the Credential Issuer JWK. It is required when `x5c` or other cryptographic public key resolution identifiers are not used. | {{RFC7515}} |
```

> | **x5c** | X.509 certificate chain about the Credential Issuer. It is required when `kid` or other parameter such as `did` are not used. | {{RFC7515}} |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **x5c** | X.509 certificate chain about the Credential Issuer. It is required when `kid` or other parameter are not used. | {{RFC7515}} |
```
